ROX-19799: Update docs for VM2.0 (#78059)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/view-snoozed-cves.adoc

[role="_abstract"]

> Use the *Vulnerability Management* view to see the list of all snoozed CVEs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the *Node CVEs* and *Platform CVEs* views to see the list of all snoozed CVEs.
```

//this does not seem to work any more in 4.5?

.Procedure

> . From the *Vulnerability Management* view header, click *CVEs*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. On the *Vulnerability Management* -> *Node CVEs* or *Vulnerability Management* -> *Platform CVEs* views, click *Show snoozed CVEs* in the header.
```
You can also delete the line below that starts with `. On the *CVEs* view,...`
